Update functions-bindings-service-bus.md (#127209)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus.md

|**webProxy**| n/a | The proxy to use for communicating with Service Bus over web sockets. A proxy cannot be used with the `amqpTcp` transport. |
|**autoCompleteMessages**|`true`|Determines whether or not to automatically complete messages after successful execution of the function.|
|**maxAutoLockRenewalDuration**|`00:05:00`|The maximum duration within which the message lock will be renewed automatically. This setting only applies for functions that receive a single message at a time.|

> |**maxConcurrentCalls**|`16`|The maximum number of concurrent calls to the callback that should be initiated per scaled instance. If the plan you are using has more than 1 core per instance then this value is set as 16* Num of Cores. By default, the Functions runtime processes multiple messages concurrently. This setting is used only when the `isSessionsEnabled` property or attribute on [the trigger](functions-bindings-service-bus-trigger.md) is set to `false`. This setting only applies for functions that receive a single message at a time.|

Reviewer: Please make sure I don't mess this up...
```suggestion
|**maxConcurrentCalls**|`16`| By default, the Functions runtime processes multiple messages concurrently.  This setting limits the maximum number of concurrent calls to the callback that can be initiated per-scaled-instance. When your hosting plan has more than one core per instance, the maximum number of calls is effectively multiplied by the number of cores. For example, in a plan that runs on hardware with two cores, the default setting of `16` means that the maximum number of concurrent calls per instance is really `32` (or `2 * 16`). This setting is used only when the `isSessionsEnabled` property or attribute on [the trigger](functions-bindings-service-bus-trigger.md) is set to `false`. This setting only applies for functions that receive a single message at a time as opposed to in a batch. |
```
